{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
P a g e | 100 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix \'96 J.K. Rowling 
\f1\b0\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 he realized it was simply a life-size portrait, but the most realistic, and the most unpleasant, he had ever 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 seen in his life.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 The old woman was drooling, her eyes were rolling, the yellowing skin of her face stretched taut as she screamed, and all along the hall behind them, the other portraits awoke and began to yell too, so that Harry actually screwed up his eyes at the noise and clapped his hands over his ears.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Lupin and Mrs. Weasley darted forward and tried to tug the curtains shut over the old woman, but they would not close and she screeched louder than ever, brandishing clawed hands as though trying to tear at their faces.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93
\f3\i Filth! Scum! By-products of dirt and vileness! Half- breeds, mutants, freaks, begone from this place! How dare you befoul the house of my fathers 
\f2\i0 \'97\'94 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 Tonks apologized over and over again, at the same 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 time dragging the huge, heavy troll\'92s leg back off the floor. Mrs. Weasley abandoned the attempt to close the curtains and hurried up and down the hall, Stunning all the other portraits with her wand. Then a man with long black hair came charging out of a door facing Harry. 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 \'93Shut up, you horrible old hag, shut UP!\'94 he roared, seizing the curtain Mrs. Weasley had abandoned.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 The old woman\'92s face blanched.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93
\f3\i Yoooou
\f2\i0 !\'94 she howled, her eyes popping at the sight of the man. \'93
\f3\i Blood traitor, abomination, shame of my flesh
\f2\i0 !\'94 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 P a g e | 101 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix \'96 J.K. Rowling 
\f1\b0\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 \'93I said \'97 shut \'97 UP!\'94 roared the man, and with a stupendous effort he and Lupin managed to force the curtains closed again.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 The old woman\'92s screeches died and an echoing silence fell. 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 Panting slightly and sweeping his long dark hair out 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 of his eyes, Harry\'92s godfather, Sirius, turned to face 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 him.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93Hello, Harry,\'94 he said grimly, \'93I see you\'92ve met my\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 mother.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\b \cb3 P a g e | 102 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix \'96 J.K. Rowling 
\f1\b0\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 THE ORDER OF THE PHOENIX 
\f1\b0\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 \'93Your \'97 ?\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93My dear old mum, yeah,\'94 said Sirius. \'93We\'92ve been trying to get her down for a month but we think she put a Permanent Sticking Charm on the back of the canvas. Let\'92s get downstairs, quick, before they all wake up again.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93But what\'92s a portrait of your mother doing here?\'94 Harry asked, bewildered, as they went through the 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 door from the hall and led the way down a flight of 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 narrow stone steps, the others just behind them. \'93Hasn\'92t anyone told you? This was my parents\'92 house,\'94 said Sirius. \'93But I\'92m the last Black left, so it\'92s mine now. I offered it to Dumbledore for headquarters \'97 about the only useful thing I\'92ve been able to do.\'94 Harry, who had expected a better welcome, noted how hard and bitter Sirius\'92s voice sounded. He followed his godfather to the bottom of the stairs and through 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 a door leading into the basement kitchen. 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 P a g e | 103 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix \'96 J.K. Rowling 
\f1\b0\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 It was scarcely less gloomy than the hall above, a cavernous room with rough stone walls. Most of the light was coming from a large fire at the far end of the room. A haze of pipe smoke hung in the air like battle fumes, through which loomed the menacing shapes of heavy iron pots and pans hanging from the dark ceiling. Many chairs had been crammed into the room for the meeting and a long wooden table stood in the middle of the room, littered with rolls of parchment, 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 goblets, empty wine bottles, and a heap of what 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 appeared to be rags. Mr. Weasley and his eldest son, Bill, were talking quietly with their heads together at the end of the table.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Mrs. Weasley cleared her throat. Her husband, a thin, balding, red-haired man, who wore horn-rimmed glasses, looked around and jumped to his feet. \'93Harry!\'94 Mr. Weasley said, hurrying forward to greet him and shaking his hand vigorously. \'93Good to see you!\'94 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 Over his shoulder Harry saw Bill, who still wore his long hair in a ponytail, hastily rolling up the lengths of parchment left on the table.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93Journey all right, Harry?\'94 Bill called, trying to gather up twelve scrolls at once. \'93Mad-Eye didn\'92t make you come via Greenland, then?\'94 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 \'93He tried,\'94 said Tonks, striding over to help Bill and immediately sending a candle toppling onto the last piece of parchment. \'93Oh no \'97 
\f3\i sorry 
\f2\i0 \'97\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93Here, dear,\'94 said Mrs. Weasley, sounding 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 exasperated, and she repaired the parchment with a 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 wave of her wand: In the flash of light caused by Mrs.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Weasley\'92s charm, Harry caught a glimpse of what\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 looked like the plan of a building.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\b \cb3 P a g e | 104 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix \'96 J.K. Rowling 
\f2\b0 Mrs. Weasley had seen him looking. She snatched the 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 plan off the table and stuffed it into Bill\'92s heavily laden arms.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93This sort of thing ought to be cleared away promptly at the end of meetings,\'94 she snapped before sweeping off toward an ancient dresser from which she started unloading dinner plates. 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 Bill took out his wand, muttered \'93
\f3\i Evanesco
\f2\i0 !\'94 and the scrolls vanished.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93Sit down, Harry,\'94 said Sirius. \'93You\'92ve met Mundungus, haven\'92t you?\'94 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 The thing Harry had taken to be a pile of rags gave a prolonged, grunting snore and then jerked awake. \'93Some\'92n say m\'92 name?\'94 Mundungus mumbled sleepily. \'93I \'92gree with Sirius...\'94 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 He raised a very grubby hand in the air as though 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 voting, his droopy, bloodshot eyes unfocused. Ginny giggled.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93The meeting\'92s over, Dung,\'94 said Sirius, as they all sat down around him at the table. \'93Harry\'92s arrived.\'94 \'93Eh?\'94 said Mundungus, peering balefully at Harry through his matted ginger hair. \'93Blimey, so \'92e \'92as. Yeah ... you all right, \'92arry?\'94 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 \'93Yeah,\'94 said Harry.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Mundungus fumbled nervously in his pockets, still\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 staring at Harry, and pulled out a grimy black pipe.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 He stuck it in his mouth, ignited the end of it with his\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 wand, and took a deep pull on it. Great billowing\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 clouds of greenish smoke obscured him in seconds.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\b \cb3 P a g e | 105 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix \'96 J.K. Rowling 
\f2\b0 \'93Owe you a \'92pology,\'94 grunted a voice from the middle\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 of the smelly cloud.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93For the last time, Mundungus,\'94 called Mrs. Weasley,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93will you please 
\f3\i not 
\f2\i0 smoke that thing in the kitchen,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 especially not when we\'92re about to eat!\'94 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 \'93Ah,\'94 said Mundungus. \'93Right. Sorry, Molly.\'94 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 The cloud of smoke vanished as Mundungus stowed his pipe back in his pocket, but an acrid smell of burning socks lingered.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93And if you want dinner before midnight I\'92ll need a hand,\'94 Mrs. Weasley said to the room at large. \'93No, you can stay where you are, Harry dear, you\'92ve had a long journey \'97\'94 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 \'93What can I do, Molly?\'94 said Tonks enthusiastically, bounding forward.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Mrs. Weasley hesitated, looking apprehensive.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93Er \'97 no, it\'92s all right, Tonks, you have a rest too, you\'92ve done enough today \'97\'94 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 \'93No, no, I want to help!\'94 said Tonks brightly, knocking over a chair as she hurried toward the dresser from which Ginny was collecting cutlery.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Soon a series of heavy knives were chopping meat 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 and vegetables of their own accord, supervised by Mr. Weasley, while Mrs. Weasley stirred a cauldron dangling over the fire and the others took out plates, 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 more goblets, and food from the pantry. Harry was 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 left at the table with Sirius and Mundungus, who was\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 still blinking mournfully at him.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93Seen old Figgy since?\'94 he asked.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\b \cb3 P a g e | 106 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix \'96 J.K. Rowling 
\f2\b0 \'93No,\'94 said Harry, \'93I haven\'92t seen anyone.\'94 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 \'93See, I wouldn\'92t \'92ave left,\'94 said Mundungus, leaning forward, a pleading note in his voice, \'93but I \'92ad a business opportunity \'97\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Harry felt something brush against his knees and started, but it was only Crookshanks, Hermione\'92s bandy-legged ginger cat, who wound himself once around Harry\'92s legs, purring, then jumped onto Sirius\'92s lap and curled up. Sirius scratched him absentmindedly behind the ears as he turned, still grim-faced, to Harry. 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 \'93Had a good summer so far?\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93No, it\'92s been lousy,\'94 said Harry.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 For the first time, something like a grin flitted across Sirius\'92s face. 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 \'93Don\'92t know what you\'92re complaining about, myself.\'94 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 \'93
\f3\i What
\f2\i0 ?\'94 said Harry incredulously. 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 \'93Personally, I\'92d have welcomed a dementor attack. A 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 deadly struggle for my soul would have broken the 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 monotony nicely. You think you\'92ve had it bad, at least 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 you\'92ve been able to get out and about, stretch your 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 legs, get into a few fights... I\'92ve been stuck inside for a 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 month.\'94 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 \'93How come?\'94 asked Harry, frowning. 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 \'93Because the Ministry of Magic\'92s still after me, and 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 Voldemort will know all about me being an Animagus 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 by now, Wormtail will have told him, so my big 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 disguise is useless. There\'92s not much I can do for the 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 Order of the Phoenix ... or so Dumbledore feels.\'94 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 P a g e | 107 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix \'96 J.K. Rowling 
\f1\b0\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 There was something about the slightly flattened tone of voice in which Sirius uttered Dumbledore\'92s name 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 that told Harry that Sirius was not very happy with\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 the headmaster either. Harry felt a sudden upsurge of affection for his godfather.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93At least you\'92ve known what\'92s been going on,\'94 he said 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 bracingly. 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 \'93Oh yeah,\'94 said Sirius sarcastically. \'93Listening to Snape\'92s reports, having to take all his snide hints that he\'92s out there risking his life while I\'92m sat on my backside here having a nice comfortable time ... asking me how the cleaning\'92s going \'97\'94 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 \'93What cleaning?\'94 asked Harry.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93Trying to make this place fit for human habitation,\'94 said Sirius, waving a hand around the dismal\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 kitchen. \'93No one\'92s lived here for ten years, not since my dear mother died, unless you count her old house-elf, and he\'92s gone round the twist, hasn\'92t cleaned anything in ages \'97\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93Sirius?\'94 said Mundungus, who did not appear to have paid any attention to this conversation, but had been minutely examining an empty goblet. \'93This solid silver, mate?\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93Yes,\'94 said Sirius, surveying it with distaste. \'93Finest fifteenth-century goblin-wrought silver, embossed with the Black family crest.\'94 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 \'93That\'92d come off, though,\'94 muttered Mundungus, 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 polishing it with his cuff.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93Fred \'97 George \'97 NO, JUST CARRY THEM!\'94 Mrs.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Weasley shrieked.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\b \cb3 P a g e | 108 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix \'96 J.K. Rowling 
\f2\b0 Harry, Sirius, and Mundungus looked around and, a\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 split second later, dived away from the table. Fred\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 and George had bewitched a large cauldron of stew,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 an iron flagon of butterbeer, and a heavy wooden\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 breadboard, complete with knife, to hurtle through\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 the air toward them. The stew skidded the length of\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 the table and came to a halt just before the end,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 leaving a long black burn on the wooden surface, the\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 flagon of butterbeer fell with a crash, spilling its\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 contents everywhere, and the bread knife slipped off\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 the board and landed, point down and quivering\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 ominously, exactly where Sirius\'92s right hand had\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 been seconds before.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93FOR HEAVEN\'92S SAKE!\'94 screamed Mrs. Weasley.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93THERE WAS NO NEED \'97 I\'92VE HAD ENOUGH OF 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 THIS \'97 JUST BECAUSE YOU\'92RE ALLOWED TO USE 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 MAGIC NOW YOU DON\'92T HAVE TO WHIP YOUR WANDS OUT FOR EVERY TINY LITTLE THING!\'94 \'93We were just trying to save a bit of time!\'94 said Fred, hurrying forward and wrenching the bread knife out 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 of the table. \'93Sorry Sirius, mate \'97 didn\'92t mean to \'97\'94 Harry and Sirius were both laughing. Mundungus, who had toppled backward off his chair, was swearing as he got to his feet. Crookshanks had given an angry hiss and shot off under the dresser, from whence his large yellow eyes glowed in the darkness. 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 \'93Boys,\'94 Mr. Weasley said, lifting the stew back into the middle of the table, \'93your mother\'92s right, you\'92re supposed to show a sense of responsibility now you\'92ve come of age \'97\'94 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 \'93\'97 none of your brothers caused this sort of trouble!\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Mrs. Weasley raged at the twins, slamming a fresh\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 flagon of butterbeer onto the table and spilling almost\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 as much again. \'93Bill didn\'92t feel the need to Apparate\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\b \cb3 P a g e | 109 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix \'96 J.K. Rowling 
\f1\b0\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 every few feet! Charlie didn\'92t Charm everything he 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 met! Percy \'97\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 She stopped dead, catching her breath with a frightened look at her husband, whose expression\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 was suddenly wooden.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93Let\'92s eat,\'94 said Bill quickly.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93It looks wonderful, Molly,\'94 said Lupin, ladling stew onto a plate for her and handing it across the table. For a few minutes there was silence but for the chink of plates and cutlery and the scraping of chairs as everyone settled down to their food. Then Mrs. Weasley turned to Sirius and said, \'93I\'92ve been meaning to tell you, there\'92s something trapped in that writing desk in the drawing room, it keeps rattling and shaking. Of course, it could just be a boggart, but I thought we ought to ask Alastor to have a look at it before we let it out.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93Whatever you like,\'94 said Sirius indifferently.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93The curtains in there are full of doxies too,\'94 Mrs. Weasley went on. \'93I thought we might try and tackle 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 them tomorrow.\'94 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs40 \cb3 \'93I look forward to it,\'94 said Sirius. Harry heard the sarcasm in his voice, but he was not sure that anyone else did.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Opposite Harry, Tonks was entertaining Hermione and Ginny by transforming her nose between mouthfuls. Screwing up her eyes each time with the same pained expression she had worn back in Harry\'92s bedroom, her nose swelled to a beaklike protuberance like Snape\'92s, shrank to something resembling a button mushroom, and then sprouted a great deal of 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \
}