{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww29200\viewh18400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
P a g e | 31 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix \'96 J.K. Rowling 
\f1\b0 readjusted Dudley on his shoulder and made his\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 slow, painful way up number four\'92s garden path.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 The hall light was on. Harry stuck his wand back\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 inside the waistband of his jeans, rang the bell, and\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 watched Aunt Petunia\'92s outline grow larger and\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 larger, oddly distorted by the rippling glass in the front door. 
\f2\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 \'93Diddy! About time too, I was getting quite \'97 quite \'97 
\f3\i Diddy, what\'92s the matter
\f1\i0 ?\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Harry looked sideways at Dudley and ducked out\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 from under his arm just in time. Dudley swayed for a moment on the spot, his face pale green, then he opened his mouth at last and vomited all over the doormat. 
\f2\fs24 \cb1 \

\f1\fs40 \cb3 \'93DIDDY! Diddy, what\'92s the matter with you? Vernon? VERNON!\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Harry\'92s uncle came galumphing out of the living room, walrus mustache blowing hither and thither as 
\f2\fs24 \cb1 \

\f1\fs40 \cb3 it always did when he was agitated. He hurried forward to help Aunt Petunia negotiate a weak-kneed Dudley over the threshold while avoiding stepping in the pool of sick.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93He\'92s ill, Vernon!\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93What is it, son? What\'92s happened? Did Mrs. Polkiss give you something foreign for tea?\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93Why are you all covered in dirt, darling? Have you been lying on the ground?\'94 
\f2\fs24 \cb1 \

\f1\fs40 \cb3 \'93Hang on \'97 you haven\'92t been mugged, have you,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 son?\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\b \cb3 P a g e | 32 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix \'96 J.K. Rowling \

\f1\b0 Aunt Petunia screamed.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93Phone the police, Vernon! Phone the police! Diddy,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 darling, speak to Mummy! What did they do to you?\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 In all the kerfuffle, nobody seemed to have noticed\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Harry, which suited him perfectly. He managed to slip\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 inside just before Uncle Vernon slammed the door\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 and while the Dursleys made their noisy progress\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 down the hall toward the kitchen, Harry moved\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 carefully and quietly toward the stairs.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93Who did it, son? Give us names. We\'92ll get them, don\'92t\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 worry.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93Shh! He\'92s trying to say something, Vernon! What is\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 it, Diddy? Tell Mummy!\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Harry\'92s foot was on the bottommost stair when\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Dudley found his voice.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93
\f3\i Him. 
\f1\i0 \'94 
\f2\fs24 \cb1 \

\f1\fs40 \cb3 Harry froze, foot on the stair, face screwed up, braced 
\f2\fs24 \cb1 \

\f1\fs40 \cb3 for the explosion.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93BOY! COME HERE!\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 With a feeling of mingled dread and anger, Harry\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 removed his foot slowly from the stair and turned to\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 follow the Dursleys.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 The scrupulously clean kitchen had an oddly unreal\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 glitter after the darkness outside. Aunt Petunia was\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 ushering Dudley into a chair; he was still very green\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 and clammy looking. Uncle Vernon was standing in\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 front of the draining board, glaring at Harry through\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 tiny, narrowed eyes.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\b \cb3 P a g e | 33 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix \'96 J.K. Rowling \

\f1\b0 \'93What have you done to my son?\'94 he said in a\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 menacing growl.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93Nothing,\'94 said Harry, knowing perfectly well that\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Uncle Vernon wouldn\'92t believe him.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93What did he do to you, Diddy?\'94 Aunt Petunia said in\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 a quavering voice, now sponging sick from the front of\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Dudley\'92s leather jacket. \'93Was it \'97 was it you-know- what, darling? Did he use \'97 his 
\f3\i thing
\f1\i0 ?\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Slowly, tremulously, Dudley nodded.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93I didn\'92t!\'94 Harry said sharply, as Aunt Petunia let out\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 a wail and Uncle Vernon raised his fists. \'93I didn\'92t do anything to him, it wasn\'92t me, it was \'97\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 But at that precise moment a screech owl swooped in through the kitchen window. Narrowly missing the\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 top of Uncle Vernon\'92s head, it soared across the\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 kitchen, dropped the large parchment envelope it was carrying in its beak at Harry\'92s feet, and turned\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 gracefully, the tips of its wings just brushing the top\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 of the fridge, then zoomed outside again and off\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 across the garden.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93OWLS!\'94 bellowed Uncle Vernon, the well-worn vein in his temple pulsing angrily as he slammed the kitchen window shut. \'93OWLS AGAIN! I WILL NOT HAVE ANY MORE OWLS IN MY HOUSE!\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 But Harry was already ripping open the envelope and pulling out the letter inside, his heart pounding\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 somewhere in the region of his Adam\'92s apple. 
\f2\fs24 \cb1 \

\f3\i\fs40 \cb3 Dear Mr. Potter, 
\f2\i0\fs24 \cb1 \

\f3\i\fs40 \cb3 We have received intelligence that you performed the\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Patronus Charm at twenty-three minutes past nine this\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\i0\b \cb3 P a g e | 34 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix \'96 J.K. Rowling \

\f3\i\b0 evening in a Muggle-inhabited area and in the\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 presence of a Muggle.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 The severity of this breach of the Decree for the\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Reasonable Restriction of Underage Sorcery has\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 resulted in your expulsion from Hogwarts School of\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Witchcraft and Wizardry. Ministry representatives will\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 be calling at your place of residence shortly to destroy\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 your wand.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 As you have already received an official warning for a\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 previous offense under section 13 of the International\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Confederation of Wizards\'92 Statute of Secrecy, we regret\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 to inform you that your presence is required at a\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 disciplinary hearing at the Ministry of Magic at 9 a.m.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 on August 12th.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Hoping you are well,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Yours sincerely, 
\f2\i0\fs24 \cb1 \

\f3\i\fs40 \cb3 Mafalda Hopkirk 
\f2\i0\fs24 \cb1 \

\f3\i\fs40 \cb3 IMPROPER USE OF MAGIC OFFICE\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Ministry of Magic\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\i0 \cb3 Harry read the letter through twice. He was only\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 vaguely aware of Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 talking in the vicinity. Inside his head, all was icy and\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 numb. One fact had penetrated his consciousness\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 like a paralyzing dart. He was expelled from\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Hogwarts. It was all over. He was never going back.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 He looked up at the Dursleys. Uncle Vernon was\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 purple-faced, shouting, his fists still raised; Aunt\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Petunia had her arms around Dudley, who was\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 retching again.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\b \cb3 P a g e | 35 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix \'96 J.K. Rowling \

\f1\b0 Harry\'92s temporarily stupefied brain seemed to\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 reawaken. 
\f3\i Ministry representatives will be calling at\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 your place of residence shortly to destroy your wand.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\i0 \cb3 There was only one thing for it. He would have to run\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'97 now. Where he was going to go, Harry didn\'92t know,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 but he was certain of one thing: At Hogwarts or outside it, he needed his wand. In an almost 
\f2\fs24 \cb1 \

\f1\fs40 \cb3 dreamlike state, he pulled his wand out and turned to leave the kitchen.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93Where d\'92you think you\'92re going?\'94 yelled Uncle Vernon. When Harry didn\'92t reply, he pounded across the kitchen to block the doorway into the hall. \'93I haven\'92t finished with you, boy!\'94 
\f2\fs24 \cb1 \

\f1\fs40 \cb3 \'93Get out of the way,\'94 said Harry quietly.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93You\'92re going to stay here and explain how my son \'97\'94 \'93If you don\'92t get out of the way I\'92m going to jinx you,\'94 said Harry, raising the wand.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93You can\'92t pull that one on me!\'94 snarled Uncle\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Vernon. \'93I know you\'92re not allowed to use it outside that madhouse you call a school!\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93The madhouse has chucked me out,\'94 said Harry. \'93So\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 I can do whatever I like. You\'92ve got three seconds.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 One \'97 two \'97\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 A resounding 
\f3\i CRACK 
\f1\i0 filled the kitchen; Aunt Petunia screamed, Uncle Vernon yelled and ducked, but for\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 the third time that night Harry was staring for the source of a disturbance he had not made. He spotted 
\f2\fs24 \cb1 \

\f1\fs40 \cb3 it at once: A dazed and ruffled-looking barn owl was\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 sitting outside on the kitchen sill, having just collided\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 with the closed window.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\b \cb3 P a g e | 36 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix \'96 J.K. Rowling \

\f1\b0 Ignoring Uncle Vernon\'92s anguished yell of \'93OWLS!\'94 
\f2\fs24 \cb1 \

\f1\fs40 \cb3 Harry crossed the room at a run and wrenched the window open again. The owl stuck out its leg, to which a small roll of parchment was tied, shook its feathers, and took off the moment Harry had pulled off the letter. Hands shaking, Harry unfurled the second message, which was written very hastily and blotchily in black ink. 
\f2\fs24 \cb1 \

\f3\i\fs40 \cb3 Harry \'97\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Dumbledore\'92s just arrived at the Ministry, and he\'92s trying to sort it all out. DO NOT LEAVE YOUR AUNT AND UNCLE\'92S HOUSE. DO NOT DO ANY MORE MAGIC. DO NOT SURRENDER YOUR WAND. Arthur Weasley\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\i0 \cb3 Dumbledore was trying to sort it all out... What did 
\f2\fs24 \cb1 \

\f1\fs40 \cb3 that mean? How much power did Dumbledore have to 
\f2\fs24 \cb1 \

\f1\fs40 \cb3 override the Ministry of Magic? Was there a chance that he might be allowed back to Hogwarts, then? A small shoot of hope burgeoned in Harry\'92s chest, almost immediately strangled by panic \'97 how was he supposed to refuse to surrender his wand without doing magic? He\'92d have to duel with the Ministry representatives, and if he did that, he\'92d be lucky to escape Azkaban, let alone expulsion. 
\f2\fs24 \cb1 \

\f1\fs40 \cb3 His mind was racing... He could run for it and risk being captured by the Ministry, or stay put and wait for them to find him here. He was much more tempted by the former course, but he knew that Mr. Weasley had his best interests at heart ... and, after all, Dumbledore had sorted out much worse than this before... 
\f2\fs24 \cb1 \

\f1\fs40 \cb3 \'93Right,\'94 Harry said, \'93I\'92ve changed my mind, I\'92m\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 staying.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\b \cb3 P a g e | 37 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix \'96 J.K. Rowling \

\f1\b0 He flung himself down at the kitchen table and faced Dudley and Aunt Petunia. The Dursleys appeared 
\f2\fs24 \cb1 \

\f1\fs40 \cb3 taken aback at his abrupt change of mind. Aunt Petunia glanced despairingly at Uncle Vernon. The vein in Uncle Vernon\'92s purple temple was throbbing worse than ever.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93Who are all these ruddy owls from?\'94 he growled. \'93The first one was from the Ministry of Magic, expelling me,\'94 said Harry calmly; he was straining his ears to catch noises outside in case the Ministry representatives were approaching, and it was easier and quieter to answer Uncle Vernon\'92s questions than to have him start raging and bellowing. \'93The second one was from my friend Ron\'92s dad, he works at the Ministry.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93
\f3\i Ministry of Magic
\f1\i0 ?\'94 bellowed Uncle Vernon. \'93People like you in 
\f3\i government
\f1\i0 ? Oh this explains everything, everything, no wonder the country\'92s going to the dogs...\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 When Harry did not respond, Uncle Vernon glared at him, then spat, \'93And why have you been expelled?\'94 
\f2\fs24 \cb1 \

\f1\fs40 \cb3 \'93Because I did magic.\'94 
\f2\fs24 \cb1 \

\f1\fs40 \cb3 \'93AHA!\'94 roared Uncle Vernon, slamming his fist down on the top of the fridge, which sprang open; several of Dudley\'92s low-fat snacks toppled out and burst on the floor. \'93So you admit it! 
\f3\i What did you do to Dudley
\f1\i0 ?\'94 \'93Nothing,\'94 said Harry, slightly less calmly. \'93That wasn\'92t me \'97\'94 
\f2\fs24 \cb1 \

\f3\i\fs40 \cb3 \'93Was
\f1\i0 ,\'94 muttered Dudley unexpectedly, and Uncle\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Vernon and Aunt Petunia instantly made flapping\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\b \cb3 P a g e | 38 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix \'96 J.K. Rowling \

\f1\b0 gestures at Harry to quiet him while they both bent\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 low over Dudley.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93Go on, son,\'94 said Uncle Vernon, \'93what did he do?\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93Tell us, darling,\'94 whispered Aunt Petunia.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93Pointed his wand at me,\'94 Dudley mumbled.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93Yeah, I did, but I didn\'92t use \'97\'94 Harry began angrily,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 but ...\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93SHUT UP!\'94 roared Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia in\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 unison. \'93Go on, son,\'94 repeated Uncle Vernon,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 mustache blowing about furiously. \
\
\'93All dark,\'94 Dudley said hoarsely, shuddering. 
\f2\fs24 \cb1 \

\f1\fs40 \cb3 \'93Everything dark. And then I h-heard ... 
\f3\i things. 
\f1\i0 Inside m-my head ...\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia exchanged looks of utter horror. If their least favorite thing in the world was magic, closely followed by neighbors who cheated more than they did on the hosepipe ban, people who heard voices were definitely in the bottom ten. They obviously thought Dudley was losing his mind. 
\f2\fs24 \cb1 \

\f1\fs40 \cb3 \'93What sort of things did you hear, popkin?\'94 breathed\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Aunt Petunia, very white-faced and with tears in her\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 eyes.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 But Dudley seemed incapable of saying. He\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 shuddered again and shook his large blond head, and\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 despite the sense of numb dread that had settled on\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Harry since the arrival of the first owl, he felt a\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 certain curiosity. Dementors caused a person to relive\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 the worst moments of their life... What would spoiled,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 pampered, bullying Dudley have been forced to hear?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\b \cb3 P a g e | 39 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix \'96 J.K. Rowling 
\f2\b0\fs24 \cb1 \

\f1\fs40 \cb3 \'93How come you fell over, son?\'94 said Uncle Vernon in 
\f2\fs24 \cb1 \

\f1\fs40 \cb3 an unnaturally quiet voice, the kind of voice he would adopt at the bedside of a very ill person.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93T-tripped,\'94 said Dudley shakily. \'93And then \'97\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 He gestured at his massive chest. Harry understood: Dudley was remembering the clammy cold that filled the lungs as hope and happiness were sucked out of you. 
\f2\fs24 \cb1 \

\f1\fs40 \cb3 \'93Horrible,\'94 croaked Dudley. \'93Cold. Really cold.\'94 \'93Okay,\'94 said Uncle Vernon in a voice of forced calm, while Aunt Petunia laid an anxious hand on Dudley\'92s forehead to feel his temperature. \'93What happened then, Dudders?\'94 
\f2\fs24 \cb1 \

\f1\fs40 \cb3 \'93Felt ... felt ... felt ... as if... as if ...\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93As if you\'92d never be happy again,\'94 Harry supplied tonelessly.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93Yes,\'94 Dudley whispered, still trembling.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93So,\'94 said Uncle Vernon, voice restored to full and considerable volume as he straightened up. \'93So you put some crackpot spell on my son so he\'92d hear 
\f2\fs24 \cb1 \

\f1\fs40 \cb3 voices and believe he was \'97 was doomed to misery, 
\f2\fs24 \cb1 \

\f1\fs40 \cb3 or something, did you?\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93How many times do I have to tell you?\'94 said Harry,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 temper and voice rising together. \'93
\f3\i It wasn\'92t me
\f1\i0 ! It was\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 a couple of dementors!\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93A couple of\'97 what\'92s this codswallop?\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93De \'97 men \'97 tors,\'94 said Harry slowly and clearly.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93Two of them.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\b \cb3 P a g e | 40 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix \'96 J.K. Rowling\
 
\f1\b0 \'93And what the ruddy hell are dementors?\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93They guard the wizard prison, Azkaban,\'94 said Aunt\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Petunia.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Two seconds\'92 ringing silence followed these words and\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 then Aunt Petunia clapped her hand over her mouth\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 as though she had let slip a disgusting swear word.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Uncle Vernon was goggling at her. Harry\'92s brain\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 reeled. Mrs. Figg was one thing \'97 but 
\f3\i Aunt Petunia
\f1\i0 ?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93How d\'92you know that?\'94 he asked her, astonished.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Aunt Petunia looked quite appalled with herself. She\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 glanced at Uncle Vernon in fearful apology, then lowered her hand slightly to reveal her horsey teeth. 
\f2\fs24 \cb1 \

\f1\fs40 \cb3 \'93I heard \'97 that awful boy \'97 telling 
\f3\i her 
\f1\i0 about them \'97 years ago,\'94 she said jerkily.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'93If you mean my mum and dad, why don\'92t you use their names?\'94 said Harry loudly, but Aunt Petunia ignored him. She seemed horribly flustered. 
\f2\fs24 \cb1 \

\f1\fs40 \cb3 Harry was stunned. Except for one outburst years\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 ago, in the course of which Aunt Petunia had screamed that Harry\'92s mother had been a freak, he\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 had never heard her mention her sister. He was astounded that she had remembered this scrap of information about the magical world for so long, when she usually put all her energies into pretending it didn\'92t exist. 
\f2\fs24 \cb1 \

\f1\fs40 \cb3 Uncle Vernon opened his mouth, closed it again, opened it once more, shut it, then, apparently struggling to remember how to talk, opened it for a third time and croaked, \'93So \'97 so \'97 they \'97 er \'97 they \'97 er \'97 they actually exist, do they \'97 er \'97 dementy- whatsits?\'94 
\f2\fs24 \cb1 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
}